Add a PR template (#1108)
tenzir/vast: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

##  :notebook_with_decorative_cover: Description

:pencil:

## :100: Review Instructions

Please review this pull request as follows:

> - [ ] Commit by commit
> - [ ] File by file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Commit-by-commit
- [ ] File-by-file
```

I think like with 'door-to-door' it needs a `-`

> ##  :notebook_with_decorative_cover: Description
> 
> :pencil2:
> 
> ## :dart: Review Instructions
> 
> Please review this pull request as follows:
> 
> - [ ] Commit-by-commit
> - [ ] File-by-file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##  :notebook_with_decorative_cover: Description

<!-- Describe the change you've made in this section -->

##  :memo: Checklist

- [ ] All user-facing changes have changelog entries.
- [ ] The changes are reflected on [docs.tenzir.com/vast](https://docs.tenzir.com/vast).
- [ ] The PR description contains instructions for the reviewer, if necessary.

## :dart: Review Instructions

<!-- Provide instructions for the reviewer here, e.g., review this pull request commit-by-commit, or file-by-file. -->
```

Reviewer 3: I like the checkbox thing better (last section). It is easier when the "instructions" are always formatted the same way, i.e., a checkbox. If you want to put clear text you can still add that, right?

Reviewer 2: The reason why I removed the checkboxes from that section is that the PR list view shows remaining tasks, and having a checklist there would mean that we always have one outstanding task for every PR.

Author: Good point, unfortunately that prevents the checkboxes. We could just a add bullet list that users adapt to their needs, e.g., 

```markdown
<!-- Provide review instructions here. -->

- Commit-by-commit
- File-by-file
```

Reviewer 2: I'd be fine with either.
